OSDOCS-21326:Support of BYO firewall workflow for OSD-GCP deployments. (#118155)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/create-wif-cluster-cli.adoc

.Prerequisites

* You have created a WIF configuration. For more information, see "Creating a Workload Identity Federation configuration".

> * If you are installing a cluster by using {product-title} version 4.21 or later, you have created the required firewall rules in your {gcp-short} project. For more information, see _Creating firewall rules for reduced Workload Identity Federation permissions on {gcp-short}_ in the _Additional resources_ section.

Reviewer: I think make it more imperative helps. 

```suggestion
* If you are installing a cluster by using {product-title} version 4.21 or later, create the required firewall rules in your {gcp-short} project. For more information, see _Creating firewall rules for reduced Workload Identity Federation permissions on {gcp-short}_ in the _Additional resources_ section.
```
